Code Cleaning:

put variables and types in function:
NEED TO ADD SHORTCUTS: Dim intX%, intY%, intZ as Integer

(If bored)strings function

words function + fix words addspaces...




Features:

fix words addspaces...
appearance frequency of string operators add a mask to know if the two vars are strings 


2
avg. length of identifiers
var. length of identifiers

Testing:
YK



1- Done
put variables and types in function:
NEED TO ADD SHORTCUTS: Dim intX%, intY%, intZ as Integer

2-  Done I think I cut to much will see during testing
words function + fix words addspaces...

6-
appearance frequency of string operators add a mask to know if the two vars are strings 


3-
avg. length of identifiers
var. length of identifiers

4-
Extract from CSV

5-
string function and comment function clean code and write comments



-identifier can be multiple things class method function........
-testcases
-should I start the model ?


replace symbols like "(" with " ( " exept _ .
if ends or starts with symbol remove symbol and do it again until false
if only symbols






 We judge a word to be readable if it is > 70% alphabetical, has
20% < vowels < 60%, is less than 15 characters long, and does not
contain > 2 repetitions of the same character in a row.

















Trim(Str(lNumColumnas)) ceck func call













-check why there is a difference when I copied that to mal and what ius the right way to do it
-Add attributes
-Add classes and methods
-Add identifiers


-this week I mainly worked on the data that nkolay sent me I had a look at the featurees used and compared them with the one I coded then I wrote a smple 
test prorgram to compute the avg percentage change of each featutre that we had in common. for the majoriy I found out the % is small (0.5, 1.5)
we had some notable differences like  

-Add string varibale declarion like (-Attribute vb_Name= "dxxxxxxx" )
             and check if he considers every string declaration as string varibales

-talk about differences like:
             he counts lines containing \r
             he is not countingwhite spaces in char count

-I only computed the Entropy of the entire code

-When I compute the ratio of text or arithmetic function calls I dived by the total number of function calls including the user user declared one.
I saw that you dived by the number of words and wanted to ask what do you belive is the best pracice and sould I change it.

-Are the Open functions the Open statements like Open flitepath As...
-if yes is the get functions theget statement or the GetAllSettings GetAttr GetObject GetSetting 
